---
layout: default
categories: Academic
title:  "3MT draft"
---  
## 3MT draft  
2021/11/07  
  
Have you ever planted anything into the soil? If so, you will know that sometimes the plant doesn’t survive easily. Well, it might have something to do with the nutrition in the soil. Unlike human, plants take their nutrition from the soil. Without enough soil nutrition, the plant cannot grow, but too much amount of nutrition can also kill the plant or become pollution. That’s why farmers must apply fertilizers carefully. If you are a farmer, it is very important to know the nutrition in the soil.  
  
However, the measurement of soil nutrition can take up to days or even one month to complete. By that time, soil nutrition might already change! Moreover, the time required for each measurement make it nearly impossible for us to take a lot of measurements. But what if we could predict soil nutrition by other methods? My research focuses on devices that can pick up signals which have connections with the amount of nutrition in the soil. These signals include colors of the soil, atoms in the soils, and even links between atoms. Amazingly, this process of picking up signals only takes a few seconds.  
  
The signals are later combined with computers to predict the nutrition in the soil. I allow computers to see different patterns of signals. By seeing signals from different kinds of soils, the computer can learn from their experience and know what kind of soils have more nutrition. For example, soils with black color usually have a lot of nutrition, so the darkness of soil can serve as an indicator. This kind of information would be remembered by the computer. So next time when the computer sees soils with similar signals, they can easily predict the nutrition of the soil.  
  
Through this method, we can predict soil nutrition faster than ever. The measurement that used to take more than one month can be completed in less than one minute. You can measure as many points as you want every day! I can help farmers know their soils and find the best way to grow the plant. To be specific, imagine knowing the need of each plant and give them exact what they want. This can maximize the profit and minimize the waste. In the future, farmers may even use their cellphone to do this. With such an approach, we are hoping to create a world that every soil has its best use, and every plant can survive easily.  

